<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_q5f_nls_qjb">
    <title>Join the Consultation</title>
    <shortdesc>Learn how to join an online consultation.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
           <ul>
               <li>
                   <xref href="submitting_your_document.dita" format="dita" scope="local">Submit your document</xref> on mySWS 1.5 to 3.5 hours before the appointment time. 
               </li>
               <li>Gather materials you can use to help the consultant understand the context of your writing project and focus on your questions and concerns, including:
            <ul>
                <li>the assignment sheet</li>
                <li>the syllabus</li>
                <li>in-class notes</li>
                <li>previous drafts or feedback on your writing</li>
                <li>class readings</li>
            </ul>
           </li>
               <li>Ensure that you are logged in to a UMN email account and have access to DUO authentication methods, if needed.</li>
           </ul>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>
                An online appointment includes an online chat at your appointment time, when both you and the consultant will edit your document and chat via mySWS. 
                However, your consultant will provide feedback before the appointment as well, which you may review and act on before the appointment time.
            </p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>About 45 minutes before your appointment, log in to your UMN email account and open your most recent email from SWS.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Following the instructions in the email, use the link to the <xref href="https://c4w.cla.umn.edu/sws/index.php?page=MySWS_Visits" format="html" scope="external">Access my Visits</xref> page to read your consultant's feedback.</cmd>
            <info>Review your consultant's comments and questions before the appointment. You may begin revising your document based on this feedback before the chat. </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>
                    Between 5 and 10 minutes before your appointment time, select Enter Chat for the appropriate appointment.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step><cmd>Wait in mySWS for your consultant to join you at the appointment time.</cmd></step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use the chat window in the new page to communicate with your consultant for up to 40 minutes.  </cmd>
                    <info> Both you and the consultant may edit the document during the chat through the editing window on the same page. All changes to your document will be stored in the document version on Google Docs.
                    </info>
               </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq>
            To download a transcript of your chat and edited document, go to <xref href="https://c4w.cla.umn.edu/sws/index.php?page=MySWS_Visits" format="html" scope="external">Access my Visits,</xref> select your appointment, and then click Display/Download Chat Archive in the Visit Actions window on that page. 
            
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
